DOC-723: Add Spell Checker Pro release notes for 5.6 (#1783)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes56.md

For information on the PowerPaste plugin, see: [PowerPaste plugin]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/powerpaste/).

### Spell Checker Pro 2.2.0

The {{site.productname}} 5.6 release includes an accompanying release of the **Spell Checker Pro** premium plugin.

**Spell Checker Pro** 2.2.0 provides the following improvements:

> - Spellchecking dialog now opens faster when checking large documents
> - Spellchecking dialog can now be moved around and does not block access to text
> - Fixed the spellchecker dialog not checking incorrect words outside of the window viewport
> - Fixed the spellchecker as-you-type functionality interfering with the dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The spellchecker dialog now opens faster when checking large documents.
- The spellchecker dialog can now be moved around and does not block access to editor content.
- Fixed the spellchecker dialog not checking incorrect words outside of the window viewport.
- Fixed the spellchecker as-you-type functionality interfering with the dialog.
```

Just added fullstops, used your update from the other PR for the second line and reworded "Spellchecking" as it just doesn't sound right.
